Fix \yii\validators\ExistValidator::queryValueExists non unique array (#18757)
yiisoft/yii2: framework/CHANGELOG.md

- Bug #18648: Fix `yii\web\Request` to properly handle HTTP Basic Auth headers (olegbaturin)
- Enh #18726: Added `yii\helpers\Json::$prettyPrint` (rhertogh)
- Enh #18734: Added `yii\validators\EmailValidator::$enableLocalIDN` (brandonkelly)

> - Bug #18756: Fix `\yii\validators\ExistValidator::queryValueExists` not unique array validate (DrDeath72)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #18756: Fix `\yii\validators\ExistValidator::queryValueExists` to validate against an array of unique values (DrDeath72)
```
